K8SPSMDB-867 add info on restart (#47)
percona/k8spsmdb-docs: docs/expose.md

2. **`ServiceMesh`**: Use a special FQDN using the Pod name (i.e., `cluster1-rs0-0.psmdb.svc.cluster.local`), assuming it's resolvable and available in all clusters.
3. **`External`**: Use exposed IP in replica set configuration if replica set is exposed; else, use local FQDN. **This copies the behavior of the Operator v1.13.**

> You may need the statefulset and config servers restart after changing this
> option for the new value to take effect. It can be done manually with the
> `kubectl rollout restart sts <clusterName>-<replsetName>` command executed for
> each replica set in the `spec.replsets`; also, if sharding enabled, do the same
> for config servers with `kubectl rollout restart sts <clusterName>-cfg`.
> Alternatively, you can simply [restart your cluster](pause.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If backups are enabled in your cluster, you need to restart replset and config
servers after changing `clusterServiceDNSMode`. This option changes the
hostnames inside the replset configuration and running pbm-agents don't discover
the change until they're restarted. You may have errors in `backup-agent`
container logs and your backups may not work until you restarted the agents.

Restart can be done manually with the `kubectl rollout restart sts
<clusterName>-<replsetName>` command executed for each replica set in the
`spec.replsets`; also, if sharding enabled, do the same for config servers with
`kubectl rollout restart sts <clusterName>-cfg`.  Alternatively, you can simply
[restart your cluster](pause.md).
```
